hello hunters welcome to the channel
barvija here we are in a game in
a house of monster hunter 4 ultimate and
let's go for a bus to now
but first I'm preparing here a
I'm going to take a seed too
of power and come there that we go for the
spoon I need some some
materials to make your armor
Nothing here we have our
spoon that is walking calmly
Through this desert he has decided to leave
take a night walk and not expect
this
and there are the hunters who come to
give him war the spoon would be thinking
I'm so calm as here
walking up and down to
up and down come these to
annoy me
the needy and the perfect ground we go
to seize this moment
as I always say these moments are the
that we have to take to launch
like hungry wolves or piranhas on
the monsters that stay
defenseless between quotes defenses between
quotation marks
there he was preparing
come on come on
teaspoon
Well, there's a ride there
great let's get away and
I'll take the opportunity to sharpen the weapon and good
here we have a subscriber making a
little the funny set
Nothing here is immortalized
and all this riding has been
completed successfully we use them
our disposition for about
a few seconds
seconds and you know what to achieve in
that second
paste and paste
visually I like I like this
attack that uses the one that throws and the
air swirl
that little tornado that moves through
the battlefield we are going to launch a
lucecita there we have it back to
soil and again we all go there not us
we think about the events we
we think twice
Well, I think it leads well
perfect ride
because nothing will take advantage to give a
back around here while the
cavalcade
we wait patiently
to finish successfully leaves
encourage you can very good russia
to the ground and the hunters who throw themselves
about him
is that I love I imagine the
hunters the plan the plan I will go
throwing the all over the poor showed
the built with face gesture by
please do not hit me
well this are things guides are
My thoughts that cross me like this
fleetingly through the mind
as I said at the beginning insurance
that this poor kujala when he decided
go out to take the paseíllo
he did not expect that they would throw themselves at him
four hunters hungry for material
Let's go there
and there goes another ride
Nothing to wait for it to end and
Meanwhile now yes I will
seize again to sharpen
there was perfect riding completed
cute cusí
there is already dropped spoonful now at
Jacuzzi for friends have fallen dead
defeated
at the feet of this group of tired
it's good job guys very well done has
been a very clean combat and has been
very good and I take the opportunity to collect
materials because good I need some
little thing to finish doing your
armor
Well nothing has been my hunt today
with the rest of fellow hunters
I also pick up the tail that I do not know
forget because it would not be the first time
that I forgot to load the tail or there
Sometimes the tail is so tiny that
The ones located at
end and you get nervous because you
there is little good time but this is already
other anecdotes of the game as always
I hope you liked this house
that you have very good houses too and
get all your materials that you
resist and see you in future videos
so see you later